meanwhile people in gaza's Southernmost
city of Rafa are also facing a severe
cash crisis and are not able to get
money from Banks only a handful of
functional ATMs are available for more
than 1.3 million people TK abuo reports
from
Rafa and the ongoing Israeli military
campaign and the collapse of Palestinian
economy desperate garans are facing
severe financial crisis where here in
Raa there are only three ATM machines
that are providing financial services
for more than 1.5 million Palestinians
where hundreds of them line up for long
hours and where also the majority came
at midnight sleep on the floor in order
not to return empty-handed to the family
members and for those who are completely
forced to deal with money exchange shops
they are challenged by the high rates of
Bank charges being deducted that
recently reach 19% for such a $100 such
procedures will negatively impact on the
humanitarian a situation where garans
are no longer able to buy their own
basic food Necessities in light of the
skyrocketing prices tab bazum Al jazer
Rafa Southern Gaza